---
title: v1.4.5.0 Update Notes
tags: [Update Notes, 1.4.5.0]
---

## Modifications on Daily Routines

- New logs while loading or unloading some modules.
- An issue within the logic of dismounting has been fixed.
- LogMessageManager was refactored. Now certain LogMessage could be directly prevented from being sent.
- `Delubrum Reginae` and `Delubrum Reginae (Savage)` are added to the zones with speed detections.
- An issue that the `Default` tab in `Favorite` of the main interface may not be always on top due to language switching has been fixed.
- Lists of `Favorite` in the main interface can be imported and exported now.

### Text-to-speech (TTS)

- The `Enable` checkbox was moved outside of the floating window of configurations in order to prevent confusion.
- `Windows Media Player` was replaced by `NAudio` for better compatibility.
- Now adjusting the volume would no longer cause that the audio has to be re-synthesized for the same text.
- New logs.

## New modules

- `Quickly leave the party and join the recruitment` [UI Optimization]: A button will be added to the party recruitment details interface that allows you to leave your current party and join the target recruitment with one click.

## Module modifications

### Auto Retainer Work

- An issue that the market window of the module may cover the market windows of mannequins has been fixed.

### Auto Hunt Mobs Finder

- The logic of `TP to the corresponding location` was optimized.
- The prompt of unexpected low delays between operations was removed.

### Better BLU Spell Set Load

- An issue that the read-write logic may be triggered after clicking spell sets in `Save Active Set` has been fixed.
- The module is now open source and no longer requires the authentication.

### Auto Finish Tradecraft Leves

- The drawing of `Requested Item` in Leve details was optimized.
- Manually acquiring leve data is no longer needed. Related data would be read while switching zones or initiating the module.
- The Leve list now would be displayed according to different classes or jobs.
- Buttons, prompts and search bars related to manually acquiring leve data was deleted accordingly.
- The configuration interface is more compact.

### Auto Reuse Emotes

- An issue that some operations not on the game threads may crash the game has been fixed.

### Auto Force Actions To The Camera Direction

- The interface drawing was optimized.
- The general feeling while executing actions was optimized.

### Auto Redirect Dash Action

- The interface drawing was optimized.
- The general feeling while executing actions was optimized.

### Custom Action Queue Time

- The interface drawing was optimized.
- An issue of remaining resources while uninstalling the module has been fixed.

### Limitless Target Dash Action (Would be called as "Disable Range Limits Of Gap Closer Actions" after next update)

- The logic was optimized. It will no longer affect the gap closer actions which don't require a target.

### Quick search bar of Blue Magic Spellbook

- The invalid logic has been fixed.
- The appearance of the floating window was optimized.

### Auto Report Actions Critical & Direct Hits

- The logic was streamlined.

### Live Anonymous Mode

- The memory usage of the module was improved.
- The cache performance while anonymizing player names was improved.
- The module now could anonymize the server name and the free company name.
- New configuration `Hide damage values`, to anonymize all the damage amounts to a random number between 10k to 990k. Enabled by default.
- New configuration `Time display encryption`, to anonymize all the time to a random number between 0 to 99 except **Server Time, Local time and Eorzea Time**. Enabled by default.
- New help texts.
- Now users could customize the anonymized player name.

### Auto Count Players Nearby

- An issue of null exceptions while uninstalling the module has been fixed.