---
title: v1.4.3.0 Update Notes
tags: [Update Notes, 1.4.3.0]
---

## Modifications on Daily Routines

- `Update Notes` were added to the main interface and update note interface. Users could click it to jump directly to the update notes of the version.
- Due to the server relocation and some "whistleblowers", all the `Tester Qualifications` were cancelled. For the users who had tester qualifications before, you will not be granted a new one after this deletion. More stringent issuance will be adopted in the future.
- Some unnecessary cache was deleted.

## New modules

- `Auto Reuse Emotes` [General]: <Emote Name/Command> (<Interval (ms)>) to repeat an emote with the given interval (2000ms by default). [@xww4893]
- `Participate in Duty Finder instantly` [UI Optimization]: Add shortcut buttons for each duty in Duty Finder, allowing users to join duties with prefabricated Duty Finder Settings.

## Module modifications

### Auto Expert Delivery

- The logic to determine whether to skip items in the loop was brought forward.
- The "Interrupt Hotkey" notifications which actually never take effect were deleted.
- The implementation was adjusted.

### Auto Force The Camera Direction

- The module is now partially compatible with the instant movement logic shared within the plugin.
- The module would be called as `Auto Orient To The Camera Direction` after the next update.

### Auto Redirect Ground-Targeted Actions

- The user experience when a ground-targeted action is executed was optimized.

### Auto Mark Aether Currents

- The feature `Teleport to this Aether Current` now requires `Tester Qualifications`. (Only on CN)

### Quick Custom Deliveries Information Interface

- If the target zone has speed detections deployed on the server, the `Teleport` feature will require `Tester Qualifications`. (Only on CN)

### Better Auto Follow

- An issue that the character may not be able to follow the target correctly while taking off has been fixed.
- An issue that UI may flash and the information update may be delayed after entering a new map while following has been fixed.
- vnavmesh may be temporarily unavailable in some situations. In that case, please use the vanilla following.

### Game Interaction Optimization

- An issue of memory leaks in PVP areas has been fixed.

### Auto Leave Duty

- The button `Add raids of the current version` was deleted due to its function is duplicated with `Don't auto leave raids of the current version`.
- `Do not auto leave high-end duties in current version` would be called as `Don't auto leave raids of the current version` after the next update.

### Force Paste Multi-line to Single Line

- The logic was optimized and streamlined.
- An issue of resource leaks has been fixed.
- The module description was adjusted.
- The module would be called as `Auto Make Pasted Texts Single Line` after the next update.

### Field Operations Entry Command

- Now the character will instantly move to Cozy Cabin after entering `Island Sanctuary`.

### Auto Process Items In Gear Sets

- The notification appearance was improved.

### Auto Gather In Island Sanctuary 

- The core logic was remastered and the performance was greatly improved.
