---
title: v1.4.4.0 Update Notes
tags: [Update Notes, 1.4.4.0]
---

## Modifications on Daily Routines

- An issue that instant movement may fail if the character is mounting has been fixed.
- New IPCs for the plugin.
- The garbage collection of the plugin was optimized.
- The logic of acquiring the number of available duties was optimized.
- An issue that the size of the module configuration window may be locked automatically has been fixed.
- Several modules which only take effect on CN has been removed from the NA/EU/JP/OCE branch, in order to prevent confusion for translators.

## New modules

- `Quick Exchange Company Seals for Items` [UI Optimization]: Added a quick exchange floating window in the Company Seals Exchange interface, so you can instantly exchange it for the corresponding item by entering the item name directly.

## Module modifications

### Better BLU Spell Set Load

- The logic was refactored. The floating window and buttons were abandoned. The spell set now would be loaded immediately after applying the set via the vanilla game interface.
- The module description was adjusted according to above.

### Auto Move The Pet

- An issue that users may be unable to select the applicable duty while creating a movement schedule has been fixed.

### Auto Fate Level Sync

- New setting `Automatically activate tank stance when you are a tank job` (would be called as `Activate defence stance when the job is a tank
` after next update), to enable the defence stance after the level sync in a FATE if the current job is a tank. Disabled by default.

### Auto Collect Submarine

- The logic of checking the quantity of `Magitek Repair Materials` or `Ceruleum Tanks` has been supplemented.

### Display Target Markers in Party List

- An issue that `MP` of the team members' `MP` may be hidden after enabling has been fixed.

### Auto Expert Delivery

- `Quick Exchange Company Seals for Items` is a prerequisite module now.
- New button `Grand Company Seal Exchange (Exchange)`, to open the interface of `Grand Company Seal Exchange` and then the items will be exchanged or purchased according to the settings in the module `Quick Exchange Company Seals for Items`.
- New mechanism for above functions: If there are still some items that can be delivered while clicking the button, the interface of `Supply & Provisioning Missions.` will pop up automatically after leaving the `Grand Company Seal Exchange`. If the user clicks `Grand Company Seal Exchange (Exchange)`, a new round of submissions and exchanging will kick off.