---
title: v1.4.2.0 Update Note 
tags: [Update, Update Note, 1.4.2.0]
---


# Daily Routines has been updated to Version 1.4.2.0.

## Modifications on Daily Routines

- The logic of reloading modules after the authentication is passed was optimized.
- The performance and appearance of instant movement was optimized.
- An issue of unexpected accelerated gathering has been fixed.
- An issue that the floating window resources of module configurations were not cleaned up in time after uninstallation has been fixed.
- The style of the button `Show Config Overlay` in the toolbar at the bottom right corner of module configuration interfaces was adjusted.
- If the module is not initialized, the button `Show Config Overlay` will be disabled now.
- New button `Copy module internal name` in the toolbar at the bottom right corner of module configuration interfaces, to copy the internal name of the module.
- Dismounting logic shared within Daily Routines will no longer stop moving forward now.



## New modules

- `Charge skill movement disabled` (would be called as `Disable Movement Of Gap Closers` after next update) [Action]: Disable movement of the character when executing a gap closer action.
- `Open the Duty Finder compatible with Wondrous Tails` (would be called as `Jump To Duties In Wondrous Tails` after next update) [UI Optimization]: Allow to jump to the corresponding duties in the interface of Wondrous Tails. [@Due]
- `Highlighting the best solution for the Faux Hollows` (would be called as `Faux Hollows Solver` after next update) [UI Optimization]: When you open the Faux Hollows interface, the current optimal solution will be highlighted automatically according to your settings. (Highlight color: Blue → Twin Swords / Pink → Treasure Box, Gift Box / Gold → Faux) [@Veever]



## Module modifications

### Auto Hunt Mobs Finder

- An issue that the delay didn't take effect has been fixed. [@雨露霜雪]
- The minimum delay which will not cause disconnections on CN has been measured and applied as the default value. If a lower delay is set, a warning will pop up. [@雨露霜雪]



### Auto Use Gysahl Greens

- New option `Use the Gysahl Greens even for non-battle jobs`, to check and use Gysahl Greens when necessary even if the current job is DoH/DoL. Disabled by default.
- Now the module will no longer work in `Wolves' Den Pier`.



### Astrologian Helper

- Now the module will be automatically disabled in PVP areas.
- The logic of redirection was optimized. It will no longer force to redirect after manually selecting.



### Display Actual Item Icon In Shops

- An issue of icon misalignment problem if some items are still hidden in the current shop has been fixed.



### Auto Check Self Food Status

- The appearance of prompts was adjusted.
- The text of the option `Send Chat Message` was corrected.
- The detection logic was optimized.
- Now the region restrictions will take effect on all trigger conditions.



### Instant Dismount

- The logic was optimized and streamlined the module logic. Now the module adopts the shared logic of dismounting.
- The prompt when there is no landable ground below was deleted.



### Auto Dismount

- The logic  and streamlined the module logic. Now the module adopts the shared logic of dismounting.
- The judgment was optimized. Now it will try to dismount while using `items` and `fashion accessories`.



### Game Interaction Optimization

- The logic was optimized and streamlined the module logic. Now the module adopts the shared logic of dismounting.



### Fast Object Interact

- An issue that some resources may not be cleaned up has been fixed.



### Optimize Enmity List

- Now the percentage of the target HP will be precise to 1 decimal place.
- New setting option `Chant information display blacklist`. Users could add the full name of the target which users are not interested in their chant information. When a name is fully matched, the module will consistently display its HP and enmity only.



### Auto Split Items

- An issue that some resources may not be cleaned up has been fixed.



### Auto Commendation (would be called as `Auto Commend Party Members` after next update)

- An issue that some configurations may not be saved has been fixed.



### Auto Redirect Ground-Targeted Actions

- An issue that the parameters of the command `<center>` didn't work has been fixed.